home.html
	Navigation:
	The logo will be on the left and navigation links will be on the right (home, log in, sign up). Some type of navigation will be on all pages.

	Heading:
		i. Text:
			Superior Service for Less
			(Small) Orlando, FL
			In 1968, Anton Walle founded [company name] to provide quality repairs to those in need. Anton Walle recognized the growing importance that vehicles held in day-to-day life and did his best in ensuring the longevity of these vehicles so that people in his community would have one less thing to stress about. Regardless of where you are, you can trust us at [company name] to take care of you and your vehicle. Whether it's a faulty spark plug or a busted engine, we'll be able to get you back on the road in a safe and reliable vehicle in no time.
		ii. Design:
			A BMW will be placed on the right side of the text.
	Testimony:
	The testimony section talks about the aspects of this business, presented in cards. If the screen is not wide enough, a button to click through the cards is available.
	The card will have an emoji that's related to the topic at hand at the top. Below the emoji will be the title of the card. Below the title will be a short description.
		i. Text:
			Don't Believe Us? We'll Prove it to You.
		ii. Cards:
			i. A Reputable Business
			ii. Competitive Prices
			iii. Crème de la Crème Mechanics
			iv. Comprehensive Services
			v. Straightforward Appointments
			vi. A Simple System
			vii. Efficient Customer Service
			viii. Vehicles All Day, Everday
			ix. Interior and Exterior Detailing
	I'd like this section to be in dark mode in contrast with the previous section.

	Call to Action:
	A big image will preface the text of this section. 
		i. Text:
			(Small) Recap
			Take the Next Step
			[Insert short recap with quirky remarks]
		ii. Buttons:
			Create account (primary)
			or
			Log in (secondary)

	Fake Footer:
	Majority of the "links" in this footer are just for show. But they'll be there for the touch of realism. It'll be on most of the pages.

user/createAccount.html
	Form:
		The form should be encapsulated in a round box and centered in the middle of the screen. Rectangular images will be behind the boxes as a kind of design, like a picturebook or something.
		i. First Name
		ii. Last Name
		iii. Email Address
		iv. Phone Number (divided into 3 boxes)
		v. Username
		vi. Password (no verification)
		vii. Terms and conditions
		viii. Button: Create account
	Form Validation:
		An input element will be validated when the user clicks out of it.
		All input elements are validated when the form is submitted.
		If the form is invalid, error messages will appear and the error is indicated with use of red.
	
user/login.html
	Navigation, fake footer, form validation, the usual.
	Form:
		i. Username
		ii. Password
		iii. Button: Log in
	Design: Half of the page is just going to be a large image. The background is going to be dark. The form will be a round box again.
	
user/dashboard.html
	Navigation (not in particular order):
		i. Profile picture that reveals drop-down card when clicked.
		ii. Log out
		iii. Settings
		iv. Dashboard
		v. Create Appointment
	Text:
		Dashboard
		(Small) These are your appointments. Click on an appointment card to view more. Click on the + card to create a new a appointment.
	Appointment Cards:
		[Car Make/Model/Year]
		[Status]
		[Jobs]
		[Cost]
		When clicked, more information appears:
			i. Appointment #
			ii. Car Make/Model/Year
			iii. Issue Reported
			iv. Additional Services Requested
			v. Jobs
			vi. Cost
			vii. Status
			viii. Drop-off date
			ix. Pick-up date
			x. Pay button
			xi. Request cancellation button
		
		
			
		
